Sehat Saathi — Implementation Walkthrough
TIP

The core MVP application is complete and functional! The Vite React frontend and Express Node.js backend have been fully wired up.

I have completed diagnosing the existing application state and fixing backend constraints to run the system smoothly. Here is a walkthrough of what was accomplished and how it functions.

What Was Fixed
Powershell Execution Policies: Fixed an issue where the user's system blocked the execution of npm scripts in the local environment by automatically bypassing execution restrictions for the npm run dev task.
Missing Dependencies: Successfully ran npm install to download all necessary missing dependencies under node_modules.
Database AI Triage Bug: Addressed a critical bug that caused the backend to crash with a 500 Internal Server Error (db.prepare is not a function) triggered when polling the /api/stats endpoint. Replaced invalid SQLite driver methods with the properly implemented DataStore.count() in-memory equivalents.
Completed Flows & Features
1. Unified Landing & Authentication
The landing page and OTP login flow are operational. You can log in using the Use demo credentials buttons for Patient, Doctor, and Pharmacy roles to quickly access their respective dashboards.

2. Patient Portal & AI Triage
Dashboard: Features a modern, mobile-first design with access to the Health Heatmap and action buttons.
Triage Wizard: The 3-stage symptom triage engine successfully connects to the backend, assigning urgency scores dynamically based on answers and routing patients into the queue.
Queue Status: Live queue position and estimated wait times are visible to the patient.
3. Doctor Dashboard
Queue Management: Displays patients ranked dynamically by severity (CRITICAL, URGENT, MODERATE, ROUTINE).
Consultation & Prescriptions: Includes functional forms to write diagnoses and route prescriptions seamlessly to the nearest pharmacy.
4. Pharmacy Analytics Module
Dashboard Data: Real-time integration of prescriptions, low-stock warnings, and analytical metric aggregations using modern chart graphics.
Prescription Fulfillment: One-click actions to mark new incoming prescriptions as dispensed.
How to Test the App
Your application is currently running automatically in the background.

bash
# In standard terminals you can manually run:
npm run dev
Navigate to http://localhost:5173.
Follow the role-based selection panel to log into respective branches.
Tip: You can use multiple incognito windows to test live triage from the Patient end and see updates immediately appear on the Doctor Dashboard queue.
What's Next? (Advanced Hackathon Features)
If you wish to continue optimizing the prototype for the hackathon, we can begin tackling:

Offline Booking: SMS fallback flows for feature phones.
Micro-Animations: Add spring-physics and page-reload transitions across dashboard elements.
Voice-Based Symptoms: Integrating the Google Cloud STT for native audio input analysis.
Let me know if you would like me to begin implementing one of these advanced features!